[Fate Chooses You]
[Episode 6]
This throne—
you carried me
on your back,
trudging through wind and snow,
through dark alleys,
through countless schemes,
blood, and filth to seize it for me.
If I lose it,
there will never be anyone else
to carry me
and win it back again.
Ding.
You've already won.
Relax.
Get a good night's sleep.
Seventh Prince.
The Emperor is busy
reading memorials inside.
[Young Emperor Zong Ding]
He has no time to see you.
You should go back first.
[Young Su Taiyi]
Sir.
Am I Father's child?
Yes.
But he has many other children.
But you only have
me as your disciple, right?
Yes.
Ding.
Relax.
Get a good night's sleep.
You're finally out.
You're awake.
How was it?
Did you see the little Emperor?
Didn't you slap him a couple of times?
I don't want to talk about him.
Let's go.
You don't look right.
Did he play tricks on you again?
That's human nature.
Out of a hundred emperors,
a hundred would be like this.
But don't let him make you
think that everyone
in this world is bad.
We still have to
change our blood and bones,
become mortals,
and be good people.
She's such a big living human
and you can't find her
after searching for so long?
My Lord,
that female thief is an immortal.
Even if we found her,
we wouldn't be her match.
Do I not know
that you can't beat her?
It is precisely because you can't beat her
that you must hurry and find her.
Those people from the immortal sect
pretended to cast a spell,
and then there was nothing more.
While they are still here,
we need to find her as soon as possible.
Take my token
and mobilize the city guards
to set up checkpoints
and search house to house.
Sir, what is going on here?
Exactly.
Why are there checkpoints on the street?
Yeah.
A cultivator is causing trouble
in the city.
If we can't catch her,
the whole city will suffer together!
I heard about that.
Didn't Immortal Xin do that
for Lord Lu?
She doesn't kill good people.
Yeah.
Cut the nonsense.
Pass one by one.
Women must take a certificate
before leaving.
Hurry up.
Go, go.
Pass.
Go.
Hurry up.
Don't dawdle.
That girl from the Li family
is really pretty.
Yeah.
You have a good eye.
I am a man.
The government has an order.
Doors must not be closed for 3 days.
All women coming in and out of the city
must have a government certificate.
The government has an order.
Doors must not be closed for 3 days.
All women coming in and out
must have a government certificate.
The government has an order.
Doors must not be closed for 3 days.
All women coming in and out of the city
must have a government certificate.
At the rate they're searching,
they will soon find that place.
How about we send her out of the city?
She is badly injured.
It is not convenient for her to move.
What's inconvenient about it?
Just carry her out.
In this situation—
do you think either of us
should be showing our faces?
True.
To her,
you are a dead man now.
That is indeed inconvenient.
Now that things
have gotten so out of hand,
with Immortal Xin's temper,
if she finds out
you faked your death and deceived her,
she will probably fight you to the death.
Where are you going?
What if they find us?
Don't let them.
How can I stop them from finding us?
That's your problem.
How did it become my problem?
Isn't she your wife?
How about you go to the palace,
find the little Emperor,
and kill that guy named Liang?
When he's dead,
Immortal Xin can
leave the capital.
Miss!
My brother and I
are going to trade the hairpin
for some good food.
We'll be right back.
Get some rest.
Just leave the removed white cloth there.
We'll wash it when we get back.
Be careful then.
The Liang Residence is at the very center
of the capital's Six Streets.
The left side
is close to the Imperial Guard Battalion,
and the right side is a busy market.
Those immortal sect disciples
will definitely hide among them.
If I'm not careful,
I will be discovered by them.
How can I
quietly
enter the Liang Residence?
Go!
Miss, we're back!
Miss!
Come.
We have meat buns today.
We bought a lot—
they let us have 10 at 3 wen cheaper.
I also brought medicine for you.
Where did it come from?
[Cures All Diseases]
I picked it up.
When did you pick this up?
How can you give Miss
something you picked up?
What if it's poison?
It's not poison.
It says it cures all diseases.
I asked someone about it.
Where did you pick it up?
Just at the temple entrance.
Miss,
are you really going to take it?
Miss!
Your face is healed?
What about the other injuries?
Are they healed too?
This elixir is rare
and very helpful for healing.
What are you busy with over there?
Today is the third week
since Dad passed away.
He'll be coming back to see us.
So we bought some
sacrifice offerings
and we want to burn
some joss paper for him.
What about you?
Why do you want to get married?
All my family is gone.
And I'm about to die too.
I've never gotten married either.
I'm afraid that after I die,
no one will pay respects to me.
During festivals,
no one will burn incense
or offerings for me.
Oh, right.
We also bought new clothes for Dad!
Let's go get them!
When I was little,
a sorcerer said I had
the fate of a lonely star,
destined to bring death to 3 husbands.
So I thought,
since that's the case,
I should just marry an evil man.
But I didn't expect
to find you.
Mr. Lu,
you are a good man.
You shouldn't have
been harmed by villains.
Was the sorcerer
really right?
If you hadn't met me,
maybe you wouldn't have died.
Mr. Lu.
I have avenged you.
I hope in the underworld,
you can rest in peace.
Lord Lu!
Jiujiu and I acknowledge you
as our father!
These clothes are for you,
so you'll have clothes to wear in heaven!
I knew were no ordinary man.
But I didn't expect you to hide so well
that you almost fooled me.
Are you here
to help me
or to make things difficult for me?
If you don't take action,
no one will make things difficult for you.
Cruel and ruthless.
You're so ungentlemanly.
It’s only polite to return a favor.
Don't underestimate me, Sir.
I
am very capable.
I can eat you in one bite.
Stop interfering in this matter.
Leave the capital immediately,
and I will spare your life.
Look at what you're saying.
I am not a bad person.
I didn't want to make things difficult
for her either.
I have no interest in her.
But I am very interested in you, Sir.
You are young and handsome,
and powerful in magic.
You don't seem like
those in orthodox sects—
What is your background,
and what is your purpose?
You kept helping
that female cultivator.
Did you fall for her?
What a pity.
It's unrequited love.
She is avenging her husband—
she is already taken.
You
have no chance.
Don't be angry.
If you don't want me to interfere,
I shan't.
I'm not one of those
orthodox immortal sects anyway,
so I don't need to follow their rules.
But let's make things clear.
I'm not interfering
not because
I pity that female cultivator,
but because of you, Sir.
You are handsome and unforgettable.
See you next time,
young man.
A bunch of people
who can't take on heavy responsibilities.
Nangong Guhong is leaving too.
He said his master's strings
are rusted,
and he has to go back
to change the strings.
How absurd.
He has concerns in his heart,
so naturally
he is not in the mood to do things.
It is human nature.
Are you leaving too, Senior Jin?
I still have one thing
to figure out,
so I won't leave for now.
Forget it.
I'll wait for 3 more days.
If that female cultivator
still doesn't show up,
I shall leave too.
[Liang Residence]
They all left?
Master Zuo left.
Master Nangong,
who is good at playing the flute,
is packing his bags.
Master Jiang said
if there is no progress in 3 days,
she will leave with Master Nangong.
Do they think this capital
is a place
where they can come and go as they please?
They boast about themselves,
acting like immortals all day long.
And now?
They can't even find a mere
Qi Refining cultivator!
Useless!
All of them are useless!
Why are you looking at me?
Are the Enchantress's whereabouts
written on my face?
Go find her!
Go to the County Office to get men!
Go to the Court of Judicial Review!
Go to the City Guard Battalion!
Mobilize all the soldiers
you can！
Even if
you have to turn the capital upside down,
find her for me!
Yes, Sir.
Is there really someone helping me?
Fragrant sachets and pouches!
Let's check over there.
Are you looking for me?
That's her!
Chase her!
Stop!
Don't run!
-Stop running!
-Don't run!
-Stop!
-Catch her! Stop!
Stop!
Don't run!
Catch her!
Don't let her escape!
An immortal cultivator!
That's so impressive.
She's leaving the city.
Keep chasing!
-Yes, Sir!
Senior, are you there?
I have something to say.
From the day I joined the sect,
Master made me take a vow.
He said every cultivator,
upon entering the sect,
must make this vow with their moral sense.
I, disciple Xin Mei,
take an oath here today.
I voluntarily leave the mortal world
and enter the immortal sect.
From now on,
I will devote myself to cultivation,
comprehending the Heaven's Way
see things through to the end,
be detached from the material world,
and never use immortal magic
to interfere in mortal affairs,
disrupting the mortal order.
If I break this oath,
my moral sense will be destroyed,
and I will never move past
cultivation stages.
But at such critical moments,
I just can't help it.
Master said
I am too hot-tempered.
But I ask myself—
it's not that I can't control my anger,
but there's just something
I don't understand.
With the heavenly ladder destroyed,
all cultivators
can almost never become gods.
Then what is the point
of our tough cultivation?
People of the immortal sect
all hold unique power,
yet live in seclusion in the mountains.
We can neither become gods
nor be mortals.
We help neither side
and have nothing to do with either.
Where is the end
of the Way we cultivate?
And what is the origin
of our so-called moral sense?
Senior,
if you know the answer,
could you give me some guidance?
It's going to rain.
Anyway,
thank you for meddling in my business.
But in the end,
it's my fault for breaking the oath
and causing a disaster.
Whatever the punishment,
I should bear it alone.
So, Senior,
don't interfere anymore,
so as not to be implicated by me.
Thank you.
♪ Once again
I see the world's cold indifference ♪
♪ Bending what I've cherished
all my life ♪
♪ Illusions and vanity blind the eyes,
how could one still care ♪
♪ Once again
I see the world's cold and heat ♪
♪ If no one
shares its sorrow and suffering ♪
♪ The road will grow
longer and lonelier ♪
No need to catch it.
Let it leak.
We are leaving
tomorrow anyway.
Where to?
Are we going back to the old house?
Back to Wei County.
There are many soldiers outside
looking for you.
So we need to split up.
You guys have to go first.
Here, take this.
Make sure to keep it safe.
You are the older brother,
so you will keep the silver.
After you go back,
go to Tianshui Lane
and find an old man named Sun Yao.
Tell him
I sent you to look for him.
He will take good care of you.
This silver
is enough for you to go to school
and live a good life.
Then...
Then, when will you be back?
I still have an ancestral home
in Wei County.
You can live there.
It's a bit run-down,
but it can shelter you
from the wind and rain.
Then you will have a home.
But Miss,
I don't want to leave you.
Will you come back to see us?
Rest early.
You have to hit the road tomorrow.
[Liang Wenjing]
What is going on?
This flower
contains
such powerful spiritual energy?
I've advanced to Foundation Building.
Why does this flower have such an effect?
It's such a rare treasure,
why would Mr. Lu give it to me?
Does he know
the true nature of this flower?
Sir.
-Stop!
-Let us out.
We are in a hurry.
Get in line.
Hurry up!
Go.
She's leaving just like that?
People of the immortal sect
are looking for her everywhere.
If she doesn't leave now,
it'll be hard for her to escape.
It's best that she leaves.
She is clear-headed.
Hold up.
Raise your head and lift the veil.
Go, go.
Go.
Oh, right.
Here is a letter from Su Taiyi.
His Immortality Pill is almost ready.
He's urging you
to return to Chongling Valley.
Okay.
I've indeed been delayed.
You go first?
I'll go find you
in a few days.
Why?
Did you meet your old flame again?
I really can't hide anything from you.
Life is short.
One moment of inattention,
and the destined will slip away.
You have so many destined ones—
what's losing one or two of them to you?
Whether it works out or not,
I have to say goodbye.
It's called finishing what I start.
Okay.
I'll wait for you on the official road.
My Lord!
How is it?
Any clues?
My Lord.
They said
when searching the city,
they found
where the female cultivator was staying.
Since there is a clue,
tell the immortal masters immediately.
Yes.
Immortal Masters.
At a ruined temple
in the west of the city,
we found
the female cultivator's clothes
and a pile of firewood
that had been burning for days.
The physique and time
both match hers.
But it seems she's gone.
S-She left?
There was a lot of blood on her clothes.
She probably
couldn't recover from her severe injuries
and found out that My Lord
has been sending out troops
to capture her,
so she just fled.
Eat slowly.
Let's go.
We still have over 10 li to go.
We should hit the road early.
Let's go back early.
Miss, it's ready.
We can leave now.
Okay.
But I'll miss you.
Don't worry.
I'll be fine.
Have a safe trip.
[Liang Residence]
You still dare to come?
You've got guts.
I haven't finished what I need to do.
I haven't killed everyone I want to.
How can I leave?
The Second Six Line
of the Hexagram Bo formation:
there is no path to heaven,
and no gate into the earth.
With nothing and no one on your side,
relying only on human harmony,
Miss,
how will you fight your way out
to survive?
Heaven and Earth have their order;
all things have their laws.
You went against your moral sense
and, as a cultivator,
meddled in mortal affairs.
You should have expected today.
Using magic against mortals—
you say this is bullying the weak,
and it's not allowed.
Then oppressing the weak with power
and murdering comrades—
is that not bullying the weak
and throwing one's weight around?
If we take this into account,
they are not as daring as me
to take responsibility.
Kill!
To avenge your husband?
You're quite a devoted soul yourself.
What a pity.
I am constrained by immortal sect rules
and cannot help you seek revenge.
However,
sending you to the underworld
to reunite with your husband,
is something I can still do.
Love
hurts others and oneself.
How sad and lamentable.
You are the one from the inn.
[Qinghong Sect, Bishui Branch]
[Qinghong Sect's He Wabu]
To the Phoenix God above,
today we offer you
fresh blood and souls,
hoping for your blessing
to bestow divine power
and help us open the Heaven's Eye.
With the blood,
we open the Heaven's Eye—
rise!
Phoenix God has pointed out
the direction for us
and found the murderer
of Mr. Gui.
We must thank Xunmu Vajra
for bringing the Sunblock Banner
so we could trace the murderer.
Mr. Gui went to the capital
originally to deliver goods
to those big clients.
He should have left
after taking the benefits,
but his greed was insatiable.
He meddled in other's business
and brought upon himself a fatal disaster.
Although the fault is his,
he is, after all,
the son of Xia Xuanzi.
Xia Xuanzi is
ruthless and vicious.
He seeks revenge
for the smallest grievance.
Even the Cult Master has to yield to him.
Mr. Gui
was a nominal elder
of your Bishui Branch.
Xia Xuanzi will not easily let you off
or allow him
to be killed
at the capital.
What Xunmu Vajra says is reasonable.
Don't worry.
I will certainly follow
the guidance of Phoenix God,
take that woman's life,
and give Grandmaster Xia an explanation.
Phoenix God
has given me guidance!
Phoenix God,
with world-covering mighty power,
is invincible!
Phoenix God,
with world-covering mighty power,
is invincible!
What are you looking for?
Looking for some medicine.
Jing, did you find the medicine?
Yes.
Make the patient's meal
a bit lighter.
For the other bowl of porridge,
don't put salt in it.
Just vegetables and meat is fine.
Boil some more hot water.
Okay, got it.
Don't move! Let me.
Let me do it.
Sir, give it to me.
Landlady, what are you doing?
Delivering medicine.
That girl is covered in injuries.
If we don't apply medicine quickly,
won't it leave scars?
Give it to me.
Sir, this medicine is from the Landlady.
Here.
Thank you.
Thank you, Sir.
You have already paid before.
You are so generous.
Only you have legs, only you run fast—
you just have to show off, right?
Landlady, it hurts!
You know it hurts? Go to work!
Landlady.
Calm down.
Have a seat.